one last
Embrace Abdul raman's daughter wife and
in-laws were killed in an Israeli air
strike on their home in Rafa Southern
Gaza just a few hours before he'd been
playing with his toddler and drinking
tea with his
family here in my arms is my
soul she was a year and 7 months old the
entire building was leveled to the
ground by Israeli war planes their
bodies were Torn to
Pieces after the United States yet again
vetoed a un Security Council resolution
calling for an immediate ceasefire bed
Palestinians say they've been let down
and if all the images of more than 140
days of war did not push the world to
take action then what are they waiting
for what is the world waiting for are
they waiting for all the Palestinian
people and all the children to die
civilians say they're being targeted
Israeli forces struck a crowded Street
East of Rafa repeatedly on
Tuesday and there was no letup in the
bombing in central Gaza either where
dozens of people were killed six of them
in an air strike on a
car but the threat is no longer just
from the sky at this camp for displaced
people in al- mawasi near Han Yunis
families say Israeli soldiers threw
sound bombs into their tents ordered
them to leave and fired at those who ran
away we were terrified we ran for our
lives Barefoot leaving all our
belongings in the tent the Israeli
soldiers rounded up the women and the
children on the beach we spent the night
in the cold out in the open on the beach
without even a scarf or
covering tanks destroyed tents personal
belongings and precious supplies of food
at a time when Aid agencies are warning
of famine and despite Israeli forces
designating al- mawasi as a safe
Zone but as Palestinians well know
nowhere in Gaza is safe anymore camil
nelc aljazera
make sure to subscribe to our channel to
get the latest news from Al
jazer